##########
Characters
##########
The game can be played with several different characters, each of which has
their own unique strengths and weaknesses.

Warrior
*******
Warrior is physically strong and very capable with various weapons. While he
can fight against strong enemies, he should be careful not to get into a
situation with no escape.

Special skills
==============

Spinning attack
---------------
A physical attack that targets nearby enemies around him. Very good at taking
care of multiple weak enemies in a one strong attack.

Lunge
-----
By lunging forward, the warrior can attack enemies that normally would be out
of his reach.

Adventurer
**********
Adventurer relies on his wits and guile rather than sheer combat power. He
prefers to either avoid the enemies completely or attacking them from distance.

Special skills
==============

Dash
----
Sometimes it's best not to get into a fight at all. The adventurer can dash
a short distance quickly, hoping that the patrolling monsters will not notice
him.

Shadow step
-----------
When dashing is not an option, the daring adventurer can try to slowly sneak
past the monsters. Shadow step spell lets him blend with the surroundings, 
making it harder for monsters to detect him. However, as soon as he tries to do
anything else than just quietly sneak past the enemies, the spell will cease
to have an effect.

Mage
****
Physically the mage might be weak but his mind is strong. He has vast arsenal
of various spells and recovers his spirit points faster than other characters.
However, in physical combat he will quicly lose and he avoids it as much as
possible.

Special skills
==============

Fireball
--------
Very strong offensive spell that can cause severe damage to multiple enemies.
The mage should be careful when casting it, otherwise he too might get burned
by the flames

Force bolt
----------
Magical bolt that can wound even the strongest enemies. Unlike fireball the
force bolt can safely be cast even in very confined spaces.

Healing wind
------------
Healing wind is used to soothe the pains and mend the broken body. The mage
can recover some of his lost life force by using this spell.

Blink
-----
When cornered, the mage can use blink spell to teleport a short distance. He
can even pass walls while doing this.
